Objective:
Results-driven professional with a proven track record in financial control and management seeking a challenging role to drive operational excellence, enhance team expertise, and optimize processes in Valuation Controls.

Professional Experience:

[Company Name] | [Location]
[Your Position] | [Dates of Employment]

Drove the vision and priorities for the team by ensuring cross-regional collaboration.
Developed the team's expertise in Valuation controls area.
Ensured consistent and qualitative delivery of key metrics (KRI's) while maintaining compliance with CFO policies and guidelines.
Managed workforce across multiple teams and successfully handled horizontal and vertical initiatives.
Supervised Production and Reporting of Financial Control and Financial Management activities to Front Office & Senior Management.
Designed appropriate supervisory routines for Valuation control activities and mentored senior controllers.
Collaborated closely with trading desks on Balance sheet, P&L, and other financial issues.
Ensured strong execution of month-end controls to keep management vs. financial Balance sheet and P&L variances within thresholds.
Developed the team's ability to qualitatively analyze traders' risk positions and apply the Greeks (Delta, Vega, Gamma) vs. daily market moves.
Supervised IPV, Valuation Control Activities, VA Computations, PRU-VAL process.
Optimized Operational Excellence by acting as an innovator and change catalyst to drive process redesign and realize efficiency across the platform.
Partnered with GBAM Finance LOB executives to evaluate current process design, identify opportunities for efficiency, and drive adoption of agreed changes.
Managed team projects, directed group efforts, and oversaw day-to-day team activities.
Implemented and enforced risk disciplines and internal controls to deliver the best outcomes for clients and shareholders.
Proactively engaged control partners and technology to identify and mitigate operational risks.
Liaised with various business partners such as Technology, Market Risk, Credit Risk, Operations, and Finance to resolve issues and queries.
Led the development, standardization, and continuous improvement of existing processes and workflows.
Monitored Testing/UAT for existing or new systems and facilitated the remediation of issues in an autonomous yet timely manner, considering control principles and the need to mitigate operational risk.
