Chat history

Open sidebar

ChatGPT Auto

You said:
Rephrase and make a document 
Stemp 1: set cma dashboard as working directory 

Update procedure for pystore update and pystore mapping file update 

Step 2: check out required files
1. Updated config
2. Input folder
3. Check out cma_current.db

Step 3 : open update config json file and mark update pystore and update pystore mapping as true . Update pystore mapping as true only if you want to update pystore mapping file to cma dab



Update procedure for cma out files.
Checkout following files
1. Update config.json
2. Cma_current db

For information 
Update config file consist of all folder information from which files need to copies and stored in cma db

2. All information related to files and sheets are stored in config.json with information on which sheet need to be mapped with which table in cma db 

Step 3 mark update config to true 

Step 4 
Step 4: go to terminal maintaining working directory as cma dashboard  and run streamlit app using command 

Python -m streamlit run Home.py


It would update It would update the cma output pystore collection add a log entry in cma db log table and pystore mapping file if for what ever marked as true to true
ChatGPT said:
ChatGPT
Document: Update Procedure for CMA Dashboard
Step 1: Set Working Directory
Set the CMA dashboard as your working directory.

Step 2: Check Out Required Files
Ensure the following files are checked out:

Updated Config
Input Folder
cma_current.db
Step 3: Update Configuration
Open the update_config.json file.
Set the following values:
update_pystore: True
update_pystore_mapping: True (only if you want to update the pystore mapping file in the CMA database).
Update Procedure for CMA Output Files
Check out the following files:

Update Config.json
cma_current.db
Additional Information
The update config file contains folder information from which files need to be copied and stored in the CMA database.
All information related to files and sheets is stored in config.json, detailing which sheet maps to which table in the CMA database.
Step 4: Mark Configuration
Mark update_config as True.

Step 5: Run Streamlit App
Open the terminal, ensuring your working directory is set to the CMA dashboard.
Run the Streamlit app using the following command:
bash
Copy code
python -m streamlit run Home.py
Outcome
This process will update the CMA output pystore collection, add a log entry in the CMA database log table, and update the pystore mapping file for any configurations marked as True.









ChatGPT can make mistakes. Check important info.
